To Lao Tzu's place
It's a dragon, you have to plate it for me
It's a tiger, you have to lie down for me
Stop now
Chief, why are you here?
Let him go
Director, he offended Boss Ye
Damn I told you to let him go
Sir, let me unlock the key for you
Take off these handcuffs as you say
Did you just wear it?
Sorry, sir.
It's my people who are not sensible
I made amends to you.
Does apology work?
Look how rampant he is
Hey, he's the Dragon Emperor
How dare you be so dragon-free
You call me the Dragon Emperor
But you still have to die
Did you bring what I asked for?
Zhao, look what this is
bastard
How dare you collude with Ye Dongsheng's gang
Murder the Ye family
Somebody take him down for me